CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Code of Conduct

The Code of Conduct explains the *bare minimum* behavior
expectations the Node Foundation requires of its contributors.
[Please read it before participating.](./code_of_conduct.md)

## Issue Contributions

When opening new issues or commenting on existing issues on this repository
please make sure discussions are related to concrete technical issues with the
workshoppers.

For general help with learning via workshoppers, please file an issue at the
[NodeSchool discussion repository](https://github.com/nodeschool/discussions/issues).

## Code Contributions

The workshopper organization has an open governance model and welcomes new contributors. Individuals making significant and valuable contributions are given commit-access to the project to contribute as they see fit. This project is more like an open wiki than a standard guarded open source project.

## Rules

There are a few basic ground-rules for contributors:

1. **No `--force` pushes** or modifying the Git history in any way.
1. **Non-master branches** ought to be used for ongoing work.
1. **External API changes and significant modifications** ought to be subject to an **internal pull-request** to solicit feedback from other contributors.
1. Internal pull-requests to solicit feedback are *encouraged* for any other non-trivial contribution but left to the discretion of the contributor.
1. Contributors should attempt to adhere to the prevailing code style.

## Releases

Declaring formal releases remains the prerogative of the project maintainer.

## Changes to this arrangement

This is an experiment and feedback is welcome! This document may also be subject to pull-requests or changes by contributors where you believe you have something valuable to add or change.

## Steps to contributing

This document will guide you through the contribution process.

### Step 1: Fork

Fork the workshopper and check out your copy locally.

> In the examples below, replace <username> with your username, and <workshopper> with the name of the workshopper.

```text
$ git clone git@github.com:<username>/<workshopper>.git
$ cd <workshopper>
$ git remote add upstream git://github.com/workshopper/<workshopper>.git
```

#### Which branch?

For developing new features and bug fixes, the `master` branch should be pulled
and built upon.

#### Dependencies

Node.js has several bundled dependencies in the *deps/* and the *tools/*
directories that are not part of the project proper. Any changes to files
in those directories or its subdirectories should be sent to their respective
projects. Do not send your patch to us, we cannot accept it.

In case of doubt, open an issue in the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/) or contact one of the
[project Collaborators](https://github.com/nodejs/node/#current-project-team-members).
Especially do so if you plan to work on something big. Nothing is more
frustrating than seeing your hard work go to waste because your vision
does not align with the project team. Node.js has two IRC channels,
[#Node.js](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=node.js) for general help and questions, and
[#Node-dev](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=node-dev) for development of node core specifically.


### Step 2: Branch

Create a branch and start hacking:

```text
$ git checkout -b my-branch -t origin/master
```

### Step 3: Commit

Make sure git knows your name and email address:

```text
$ git config --global user.name "J. Random User"
$ git config --global user.email "j.random.user@example.com"
```

Writing good commit logs is important. A commit log should describe what
changed and why. Follow these guidelines when writing one:

1. The first line should be 50 characters or less and contain a short
   description of the change. All words in the description should be in
   lowercase with the exception of proper nouns, acronyms, and the ones that
   refer to code, like function/variable names. The description should
   be prefixed with the name of the changed subsystem and start with an
   imperative verb, for example, "net: add localAddress and localPort
   to Socket".
2. Keep the second line blank.
3. Wrap all other lines at 72 columns.

A good commit log can look something like this:

```txt
subsystem: explain the commit in one line

Body of commit message is a few lines of text, explaining things
in more detail, possibly giving some background about the issue
being fixed, etc. etc.

The body of the commit message can be several paragraphs, and
please do proper word-wrap and keep columns shorter than about
72 characters or so. That way `git log` will show things
nicely even when it is indented.
```

The header line should be meaningful; it is what other people see when they
run `git shortlog` or `git log --oneline`.

Check the output of `git log --oneline files_that_you_changed` to find out
what subsystem (or subsystems) your changes touch.

If your patch fixes an open issue, you can add a reference to it at the end
of the log. Use the `Fixes:` prefix and the full issue URL. For example:

```txt
Fixes: https://github.com/workshopper/learnyounode/issues/1337
```

### Step 4: Rebase

Use `git rebase` (not `git merge`) to sync your work from time to time.

```text
$ git fetch upstream
$ git rebase upstream/master
```

### Step 5: Test

Bug fixes and features **should come with tests**. Please note that not all workshoppers currently have tests. This could make a great contribution! See [issue #13](https://github.com/workshopper/org/issues/13) for more information

### Step 6: Push

```text
$ git push origin my-branch
```

Go to https://github.com/<username>/<workshopper> and select your branch.
Click the 'Pull Request' button and fill out the form.

Pull requests are usually reviewed within a few days. If there are comments
to address, apply your changes in a separate commit and push that to your
branch. Post a comment in the pull request afterwards; GitHub does
not send out notifications when you add commits.

<a id="developers-certificate-of-origin"></a>
## Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

* (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
  have the right to submit it under the open source license
  indicated in the file; or

* (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
  of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
  license and I have the right under that license to submit that
  work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
  by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
  permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
  in the file; or

* (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
  person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
  it.

* (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
  are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
  personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
  maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
  this project or the open source license(s) involved.

Commit message:

remove some more nodejs things and cleanup
Removed some NodeJS-specific things, added links to Gitter.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Code of Conduct

The Code of Conduct explains the *bare minimum* behavior
expectations the Node Foundation requires of its contributors.
[Please read it before participating.](./code_of_conduct.md)

## Issue Contributions

When opening new issues or commenting on existing issues on this repository
please make sure discussions are related to concrete technical issues with the
workshoppers.

For general help with learning via workshoppers, please file an issue at the
[NodeSchool discussion repository](https://github.com/nodeschool/discussions/issues).

## Code Contributions

The workshopper organization has an open governance model and welcomes new contributors. Individuals making significant and valuable contributions are given commit-access to the project to contribute as they see fit. This project is more like an open wiki than a standard guarded open source project.

## Rules

There are a few basic ground-rules for contributors (from [openopensource.org](http://openopensource.org/):

1. **No `--force` pushes** or modifying the Git history in any way.
1. **Non-master branches** ought to be used for ongoing work.
1. **External API changes and significant modifications** ought to be subject to an **internal pull-request** to solicit feedback from other contributors.
1. Internal pull-requests to solicit feedback are *encouraged* for any other non-trivial contribution but left to the discretion of the contributor.
1. Contributors should attempt to adhere to the prevailing code style.

## Releases

Declaring formal releases remains the prerogative of the project maintainer.

## Changes to this arrangement

This is an experiment and feedback is welcome! This document may also be subject to pull-requests or changes by contributors where you believe you have something valuable to add or change.

## Steps to contributing

This document will guide you through the contribution process.

### Step 1: Fork

Fork the workshopper and check out your copy locally.

> In the examples below, replace <username> with your username, and <workshopper> with the name of the workshopper.

```text
$ git clone git@github.com:<username>/<workshopper>.git
$ cd <workshopper>
$ git remote add upstream git://github.com/workshopper/<workshopper>.git
```

#### Which branch?

For developing new features and bug fixes, the `master` branch should be pulled
and built upon.

In case of doubt, open an issue in the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/) or contact one of the
**TODO: decide how to communicate workshopper maintainers** [workshopper stewards]().
Especially do so if you plan to work on something big. Nothing is more
frustrating than seeing your hard work go to waste because your vision
does not align with the project team. We have two main Gitter channels,
[nodeschool/organizers](https://gitter.im/nodeschool/organizers) for general help and questions, and
[nodeschool/workshoppers](https://gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers) for development of NodeSchool workshoppers specifically.


### Step 2: Branch

Create a branch and start hacking:

```text
$ git checkout -b my-branch -t origin/master
```

### Step 3: Commit

Make sure git knows your name and email address:

```text
$ git config --global user.name "J. Random User"
$ git config --global user.email "j.random.user@example.com"
```

Writing good commit logs is important. A commit log should describe what
changed and why. Follow these guidelines when writing one:

1. The first line should be 50 characters or less and contain a short
   description of the change. All words in the description should be in
   lowercase with the exception of proper nouns, acronyms, and the ones that
   refer to code, like function/variable names.
2. Keep the second line blank.
3. Wrap all other lines at 72 columns.

A good commit log can look something like this:

```txt
explain the commit in one line

Body of commit message is a few lines of text, explaining things
in more detail, possibly giving some background about the issue
being fixed, etc. etc.

The body of the commit message can be several paragraphs, and
please do proper word-wrap and keep columns shorter than about
72 characters or so. That way `git log` will show things
nicely even when it is indented.
```

The header line should be meaningful; it is what other people see when they
run `git shortlog` or `git log --oneline`.

If your patch fixes an open issue, you can add a reference to it at the end
of the log. Use the `Fixes:` prefix and the full issue URL. For example:

```txt
Fixes: https://github.com/workshopper/learnyounode/issues/1337
```

### Step 4: Rebase

Use `git rebase` (not `git merge`) to sync your work from time to time.

```text
$ git fetch upstream
$ git rebase upstream/master
```

### Step 5: Test

Bug fixes and features **should come with tests**. Please note that not all workshoppers currently have tests. This could make a great contribution! See [issue #13](https://github.com/workshopper/org/issues/13) for more information

### Step 6: Push

```text
$ git push origin my-branch
```

Go to https://github.com/<username>/<workshopper> and select your branch.
Click the 'Pull Request' button and fill out the form.

Pull requests are usually reviewed within a few days. If there are comments
to address, apply your changes in a separate commit and push that to your
branch. Post a comment in the pull request afterwards; GitHub does
not send out notifications when you add commits.

<a id="developers-certificate-of-origin"></a>
## Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

* (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
  have the right to submit it under the open source license
  indicated in the file; or

* (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
  of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
  license and I have the right under that license to submit that
  work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
  by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
  permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
  in the file; or

* (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
  person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
  it.

* (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
  are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
  personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
  maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
  this project or the open source license(s) involved.
