readme.md, before:

# :wave: Hello Tutorial Writers.

This is a github organization meant **for you**!

Please use it to make your work easier.

## :bulb: Why this organization?

[NodeSchool](http://nodeschool.io) is an awesome organization! But the needs 
of people writing workshoppers and people using them are different. So this is 
an org for you.

## :heart_eyes: Come join us!

We chat here: [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers](https://badges.gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers.svg)](https://gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

If you _(even, just started to)_ write a workshopper: Show & Tell in
[http://github.com/workshopper/list](http://github.com/workshopper/list) and 
we add you to the org as member.

If you want to contribute to a workshopper: Write a
[PR](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)! once its 
approved: we add you as a member.

## :hospital: Get help

Do you have questions about creating/maintaining a workshopper?
Ask them [here](https://github.com/workshopper/org/issues/new)! or in the chat!

Do you not have time to maintain your workshopper. Feel free to move the 
tutorial to this org so we can help out each other.

## :triumph: Step up!

This organisation is mostly non-hierarchically organised. If you want to 
improve something make yourself heard. Be respectful to the other maintainers
here and maintain our [code of conduct](https://github.com/workshopper/org/blob/master/code_of_conduct.md).

Commit message:

Add Contributing Warning to readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Contributing Warning!

There is currently no organizer actively working in the workshopper repositories. Hence, your contributions could take some time to be deployed, or they might even not be deployed at all.

# :wave: Hello Tutorial Writers.

This is a github organization meant **for you**!

Please use it to make your work easier.

## :bulb: Why this organization?

[NodeSchool](http://nodeschool.io) is an awesome organization! But the needs 
of people writing workshoppers and people using them are different. So this is 
an org for you.

## :heart_eyes: Come join us!

We chat here: [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers](https://badges.gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers.svg)](https://gitter.im/nodeschool/workshoppers?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

If you _(even, just started to)_ write a workshopper: Show & Tell in
[http://github.com/workshopper/list](http://github.com/workshopper/list) and 
we add you to the org as member.

If you want to contribute to a workshopper: Write a
[PR](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)! once its 
approved: we add you as a member.

## :hospital: Get help

Do you have questions about creating/maintaining a workshopper?
Ask them [here](https://github.com/workshopper/org/issues/new)! or in the chat!

Do you not have time to maintain your workshopper. Feel free to move the 
tutorial to this org so we can help out each other.

## :triumph: Step up!

This organisation is mostly non-hierarchically organised. If you want to 
improve something make yourself heard. Be respectful to the other maintainers
here and maintain our [code of conduct](https://github.com/workshopper/org/blob/master/code_of_conduct.md).
